# Part one
### Find a perfect test

IEMDB project for Internet Engineering.

# Part two
### Choose the type of test generation

- [ ] SPI
- [ ] ART
- [X] SBT
- [ ] MBT
- [ ] Symbolic

Using Search-based test generation, we will generate suitable number of tests for the chosen application.

# Part three
### Choose the tool of automatic test generation

- [ ] Randoop
- [ ] JUnit QuickCheck
- [ ] Pex
- [X] Evosuite
- [ ] CodePro AnalytiX
- [ ] AgitarOne

Evosuite primarily focuses on generating automated tests using search-based testing. It utilizes evolutionary algorithms and intelligent search techniques to create targeted and comprehensive tests that aim to achieve high code coverage.

By employing evolutionary algorithms, evosuite generates new tests iteratively and performs testing on them. In each iteration, tests that achieve higher code coverage are selected, and new tests are generated by introducing random mutations and variations in the input space.

Additionally, evosuite also incorporates other techniques simultaneously. These techniques include input space partitioning, adaptive random testing, model-based testing, and symbolic execution. By combining these methods, evosuite aims to create extensive and reliable automated tests for Java programs.


After running "Evosuite",first there is a process for searching the program(class), then it minimizes test suite. Then It anaylyzes the coverage criteria. we will get these test criteria
```
* Test criteria:
  - Line Coverage
  - Branch Coverage*
  - Exception
  - Mutation testing (weak)*
  - Method-Output Coverage
  - Top-Level Method Coverage
  - No-Exception Top-Level Method Coverage
  - Context Branch Coverage
```

# Part Four
### Simple program for possiblility
```
public class ComplexProgram {

    public static boolean isPrime(int number) {
        if (number < 2)
            return false;
        
        for (int i = 2; i <= Math.sqrt(number); i++) {
            if (number % i == 0)
                return false;
        }
        
        return true;
    }


    public static int sumDigits(int number) {
        int sum = 0;
        while (number != 0) {
            sum += number % 10;
            number /= 10;
        }
        return sum;
    }


    public static void main(String[] args) {
        int num1 = 17;
        System.out.println(num1 + " is prime? " + isPrime(num1));
 
        int num2 = 123456;
        int digitSum = sumDigits(num2);
        System.out.println("sum of digits" + num2 + ": " + digitSum);
    }
}



```

# Part Five
### The report




